[KED-2409] Update docs to remind on compatibility of Kedro-Viz 3.8.0 with Kedro 0.17 (#367)
quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### Launch a development server with a real Kedro project

> > **Note**: Kedro-viz>=3.8.0 will not work with projects created with Kedro<=0.16.6. Please consider migrating your project to Kedro>=0.17.0 before your development against the latest version of Kedro-viz. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Kedro-Viz>=3.8.0 will not work with projects created with Kedro<=0.16.6. Please consider migrating your project to Kedro>=0.17.0 before your development against the latest version of Kedro-Viz. 
```

> > **Note**: Kedro-Viz>=3.8.0 will not work with projects created with Kedro<=0.16.6. Please consider migrating your project to Kedro>=0.17.0 before your development against the latest version of Kedro-Viz. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Kedro-Viz>=3.8.0 will not work with projects created with Kedro<=0.16.6. Please consider migrating your project to Kedro>=0.17.0 before you develop against the latest version of Kedro-Viz. 
```

> > **Note**: It's likely that Kedro-viz 3.8.0 and later versions will not work with projects created with older versions of Kedro (0.16.0). Please consider migrating your project to Kedro 0.17.0 before your development against the latest version of Kedro-viz. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Kedro-viz 3.8.0 and later versions will not work with projects created with Kedro<=0.16.6. Please consider migrating your project to Kedro>=0.17.0 before your development against the latest version of Kedro-viz. 
```

Reviewer: I agree with Lim's change.
